README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated website organisation and README

README.md, after:

# Morgan Lab Website

This is the source code for [morganresearchlab.github.io](https://morganresearchlab.github.io/). The code is written in Javascript using Next.js framework. Sounds overwhelming for people with no knowledge of Javascript or even programming, I know! However I already structured it in a way that anyone (even if you don't have knowledge of programming) can edit it easily.

To update most of the information on the website, all you have to do is update the `json` file in the `public/data`. For example to add a new member just add a new `json` object to the `public/data/member.json` e.g.,
```
{
    "id": 17,
    "name": "New Member",
    "role": "PhD Student",
    "join_date": "01-01-1970",
    "email": "newmember@abdn.ac.uk",
    "twitter": "newmember",
    "website": "https://www.abdn.ac.uk/people/new.member",
    "github": "newmember",
    "image": "newmember.png",
    "bio": [
        "New member bio.",
    ],
    "tag": [
        "Computational Biology",
    ]
}
```
Commit your changes once you're done and once the Github Action finishes running, if successful you will see the change on the website. If you have Node.js installed you can preview the changes by running `npm run dev` on your local computer and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

In the current version, you can edit these parts of the website:
- Alumni on `/people`: `alumni.json`
- Member on `/people` and homepage: `member.json`
- News on `/news` and homepage: `news.json`
- "Our Research" section on homepage: `research_intro.json`

Will add more!

If you're feeling adventurous you might also update the source code.
